Add clarifications to execution modes docs (#2064)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/run-jobs-session.mdx

You can open a runtime session by using the context manager `with Session(...)` or by initializing the `Session`
class. When you start a session,  you must specify a QPU by passing a `backend` object. The session starts when its first job begins execution.

<Admonition type="note">

> If you open a session but do not submit any jobs to it for 30 minutes, the session will automatically close.

Reviewer: What does "close" mean? Deactivated or closed permanently? I've never heard of this.

Author: @francabrera I had a request from you to add this info - but I can't find the context - can you help?

Reviewer 2: this only applies to the IBM Quantum channel today. The content is right.

> If you open a session but do not submit any jobs to it for 30 minutes, the session will automatically close.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you open a session but do not submit any jobs to it for 30 minutes, the session automatically closes.
```
